<h1>Chapter VI.</h1>
<li> As a little boy, I often drew in school. Sometimes it was random doodles, other times it was redrawn. This was probably the first time we committed copying. I found an illustration on the Internet, which I tried to redraw credibly.</li>
<li> At the age of fifteen, I found myself in high school. I started studying Reproduction Graphics for the Media here. In practical lessons we had to remake a leaflet or poster as credibly as possible. It was like a template for us. If we created something different, it would be wrong. So there was zero creative work. At the time, I didn't consider it a copy of someone else's work. After all, the teachers wanted us to learn how to work with the programs. </li>
<li> Nowadays, I would probably get into trouble with a similar style. On the other hand, I am happy that I have the opportunity to involve my creativity and create in this university. I think creating something original in 2020 is really challenging. In these days - network age - people all around the world shares their creations and designs. So there is always something similar to your work. It can often happen that you get to hear that you have copied something somewhere. But what is the line between copying and inspiration? I don't think it's a crime to inspire someone's work and make it perfect, and to make it even better. Of course, we are not talking about the theft, which was declared like ours without major changes. </li>
<li>  But why not save your work? As a graphic designer we are often in situations where someone has done this work a million times. For example, we are talking about simple icons or vectors, which are useless to do over and over again. When I need to make my work easier, I like to use the Internet and download and edit the basic vector to my advantage. </li>
<li>  The limit when it comes to copying and when not, is very thin in the world of graphic designers. I think every graphic designer who does this work wants to be original and create their work as best they can. In my opinion remake or just inspiration of already done things it's not copying at all. </li>
